Update manual upgrade documentation (#59)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/maintenance/upgrading/manual_upgrade.adoc

If you have made changes in `.htaccess` located at the webroot of ownCloud, you must backup these changes. Only backup the changes made but not the complete file as this file will be recreated on upgrades and may contain different settings provided by ownCloud. Manual changes in `.htaccess` can be necessary when you e.g. xref:configuration/integration/ms-teams.adoc[Integrate ownCloud into Microsoft Teams].

=== Backup Manual Changes in `.user.ini`

If you have made changes in `.user.ini` located at the webroot of ownCloud, you must backup these changes.

=== Download the Latest Release

Download the latest https://owncloud.org/download/[ownCloud server release] to the same location where your previous instance is located, in this example the default directory `/var/www/`.
[source,console,subs="attributes+"]
----
cd /var/www/
sudo wget https://download.owncloud.org/community/owncloud-{oc-complete-name}.tar.bz2
----

== Script-Guided Upgrade

> When using the script-guided upgrade, the script from the xref:installation/manual_installation/manual_installation.adoc#script-guided-installation[Script-Guided Installation] is used. This scrip can not only **install** a new instance of ownCloud, but also **upgarde** an existing one or can **manage ownership and permissions**. When using the script for upgrading, the script renames the current instance and creates a new instance, copies `config.php` set ownership and permissions ect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the script-guided upgrade, the script from the xref:installation/manual_installation/manual_installation.adoc#script-guided-installation[Script-Guided Installation] is used. This script can not only **install** a new instance of ownCloud, but also **upgarde** an existing one or can **manage ownership and permissions**. When using the script for upgrading, the script renames the current instance and creates a new instance, copies `config.php` set ownership and permissions etc.
```
